docs(static-deploy): update xmit guide URL (#22899)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/static-deploy.md

## xmit Static Site Hosting

> Deploy your static site using [xmit](https://xmit.co) by following this [guide](https://xmit.co/blog/vite-quickstart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your static site using [xmit](https://xmit.co) by following this [guide](https://xmit.dev/guides/vite-quickstart/).
```
